Beans allow for a dependency injection.
Never, ever create an object inside of a class that depends on it.
This is called tight coupling, and it makes unit testing impossible.
Instead, you should inject the object into the class.
In this lesson, you will use dependency injection to achieve loose coupling.
So what is tight coupling and when does it happen?
Tight coupling happens when you create an object inside of a dependent class.
An object that another class depends on is called a dependency.
In this example, a great controller relies on the great service dependency, but you should never create
a dependency inside of its dependent class.
Your code will become interconnected and impossible to unit test.
We will talk about unit testing in the next section, but for now, just know that tight coupling makes
unit testing impossible.
The solution is dependency injection.
So let's go over the process.
The first step is to annotate the class using ad components.
Spring boot scans for components, and it turns the component class into a spring bean.
In other words, the moment you run your application, Spring Boot performs a component scan, discovers
this one, creates an object out of this class and stores it inside the spring container.
And then Otto Wired injects the bean into the class that needs it.
Your Comptroller class depends on a great service object.
Instead of setting the field equal to a new object ordered wired wires, the great service being into
it.
Grade controller depends on a great service object.
So the first step is to annotate your dependency using the component annotation.
As soon as you run your application, Spring Boot is going to register this component as a bean.
Spring Boot is going to create an object out of this great service class, and it's going to store it
inside of the spring container.
And so now what we can do is use auto wire to wire the bean into the great service field.
If we rerun the application and make some requests.
Everything still works.
Instead of creating the object directly inside the class, we're injecting it directly from the spring
container.
This is great, but our code is still tightly coupled.
The service creates the repository object that it depends on.
Again, the dependent class should never create its own dependency.
We can delegate that task to spring boot by annotating the repository class with the component annotation.
Spring Boot will register a great repository as a bean.
And so now we can use auto wire to wire the bean into the service class.
All right.
Everything should still work.
So to recap, you achieved loose coupling by injecting a dependency.
Never, ever create a dependency inside of a dependent class.
Your code will become tightly coupled and impossible to unit test.
Instead, inject your dependency from the spring container.
Creating this type of loose coupling in your app makes your code a lot easier to test.